docs(configuration): entry for preventing filetypes from being copied (#1264)
pattern-lab/patternlab-node: packages/docs/src/docs/pattern-managing-assets.md

Note how some sets of files even extend into the "vendor" `./node_modules/` directory. Relative paths are the default but absolute paths are supported also. You may also use these paths within the Grunt or Gulp taskfiles by referring to the `paths()` function.

> ## Preventing specific filetypes form being copied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Preventing specific filetypes from being copied
```

> If you'd like to prevent specific filetypes from being copied from your `source` to your `public` folder like e.g. CSS preprocessor source files (`.scss`), you could specify those within an array of your patternlab config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to prevent specific filetypes from being copied from your `source` to your `public` folder like e.g. CSS preprocessor source files (`.scss`), you could specify those within an array of your pattern lab config:
```
